Link supported ruby versions (#384)
renuo/applications-setup-guide: ruby_on_rails/app_initialisation.md

### Automatic adjustments

> ⭐The Gemfile reads the required ruby version from the `.ruby-version` file.

> > [This is used by Heroku and Deploio to determine what version to use.](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/ruby-versions)

Author: ```suggestion
> [This is used by Heroku to determine what version to use.](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/ruby-versions)
> Deploio reads the ruby version from the Gemfile, with the .ruby-version file inlined into it. https://paketo.io/docs/howto/ruby/#override-the-detected-ruby-version
```
